|               | PD  | AD  | PD&AD | Neither |
| ------------- | --- | --- | ----- | ------- |
| S-food        |     |     |       | x       |
| Madforretning |     |     | x     |         |
| bar           |     |     | x     |         |
| Kunde         |     | x   |       |         |
| Admin. Person |     |     |       |         |
| Personale     |     |     |       |         |

### Ex 4
Result of class activity:
Event table
- Identificaiton of classes, events and correlations
### Ex 6
1. Stuff
#### 6.2 Bank
Differences
- F
	- New system may calculate risks for the clerk instead of manually doing it
	- Most basic functionalities are the same
- A
	- User directly accesses system in addition to bank clerk.
- C
	- Should be usable by untrained user
	- Run at home on uncontrolled hardware
	- Data cannot definitly be trusted, as input by user instead of clerk
- T
	- Serve on linux server hosted within the EU
- O
	- Same
	- New has credit card information
- R
	- The saaaaaame
	- New should do more to verify data, again since input is from more people.

### Ex G.1
See above

### Ex G.2
Elevator control. Consider a system to control elevator movement in a building. Several processors keep track of movements and signals. There is one processor for each of the N elevators. It controls the engine and doors, and reads the push buttons and sensors associated with the elevator. There is one processor at each of the M floors. It reads the push buttons associated with the floor. Finally, there is one processor that controls all requests from all push buttons. Your solution can be centralized or decentralized, but it should meet the following requirements:
- Each elevator has a button for each floor. The buttons are illuminated when pressed and cause the elevator to visit that floor.
- Each floor has two buttons (except ground and top): one to request up-elevator and one to request down-elevator. The buttons illuminate when pressed and cancel when a suitable elevator visits the floor.
- All requests for elevators from the different floors must be serviced eventually, with all floors given equal priority.
- All requests for floors from within elevators must be served eventually, with floors being serviced sequentially in the travel direction.

Add details and assumptions as needed and address the following problems. 
List class candidates in the elevator control system. 
List event candidates in the elevator control system. Evaluate the candidates systematically and produce the resulting event table.

- Class candidates
	- Button +
	- Outside button -
	- Inside button -
	- Elevator +
	- Etage -
	- Processor -
	- Etagesensor -
	- Upp-button -
	- Down-button -
	- Direction -
	- Isak's mor -
	- Illumination ($\triangle$) -
	- Elevator Route -
- Event candidates
	- Up elevator requested -
	- Down elevator requested -
	- Elevator Requested +
	- Elevator arrived +
	- Elevator stopped on floor -
	- Elevator crashed and burned -
	- Elevator malfunctioned +
	- Elevator started crashin and burning -
	- elevator started + (?)
	- Button illuminated -
	- Button unilluminated -
	- Button becomes -
	- User entered -
	- User existed -
	- User exited -
	- User spawned -
	- Elevator serviced -
	- Service duration ran out -
	- Doors opened +
	- Doors closed +

|               | Button | Elevator | Queue |
| ------------- | ------ | -------- | ----- |
| Requested     | x      |          | x     |
| Arrived       | x      | x        |       |
| Malfunctioned |        | x        |       |
| Started       |        | x        | x     |
| Door opened   |        | x        |       |
| Door closed   |        | x        |       |

### G.3
Kajs biler

#### G.3.1
FACTOR

- F
	- Provide overview of cars in stock
	- Display and allow editing of details related to rental agreement
- A
	- The system it self, and Kaj and his employees
- C
	- Usable by people with low computer literacy
		- Training can circumvent smaller issues, if user agrees
- T
	- Run on low-end office PCs
- O
- R