## Template
Show that $L_{2}=\{\}$ is non-regular
1. The demon picks some number $p$
2. We pick $w=$
	1. (you followed the rules as $w\in L_{1}$ and $|w|=\geq p$)
3. The demon picks $x,y,z$ s.t. $w=xyz$, $y\neq\epsilon$, and $|xy|\leq p$
4. No matter what the demon picked you can take $i=0$ and you win. Indeed, by $|xy|\leq p$, $y$ is 

## Ex 1*
Regular languages are closed under concatenation, and the language described is a concatenation of the language $\{a\}$ and ${b^{n}c^{n}}$. While the first language is regular, the second is not, and so when the language is constructed from concatenation with a non-regular language, the language itself is not either.

Show that $L_{1}=\{ab^{n}c^{n}|n\geq0\}$ is non-regular
1. The demon picks some number $p$
2. We pick $w=ab^{p}c^{p}$
	1. (you followed the rules as $w\in L_{1}$ and $|w|=1+2p\geq p$)
3. The demon picks $x,y,z$ s.t. $w=xyz$, $y\neq\epsilon$, and $|xy|\leq p$
4. No matter what the demon picked you can take $i=0$ and you win. Indeed, by $|xy|\leq p$, $y$ is either $ab\dots b$ or $b\dots b$. In the first case, a is removed, which makes a string $w'\notin L_{1}$. In the second, we get $ab^{p-|y|}b^{p}$
## Ex 2*
Show that $L_{2}=\{0^{n}1^{m}0^{n}|n,m\geq0\}$ is non-regular
1. The demon picks some number $p$
2. We pick $w=0^{p}1^{1}0^{p}$
	1. (you followed the rules as $w\in L_{2}$ and $|w|=1+2p\geq p$)
3. The demon picks $x,y,z$ s.t. $w=xyz$, $y\neq\epsilon$, and $|xy|\leq p$
4. No matter what the demon picked you can take $i=0$ and you win. Indeed, by $|xy|\leq p$, $y$ has only 0's. So that $xy^{0}z=0^{p-|y|}10^{p}\notin L_{2}$

## Ex 3*
Show that $L_{3}=\{a^{n}b^{m}|n,m\geq0 \text{ and } n\neq m\}$ is non-regular
1. The demon picks some number $p$
2. We pick $w=a^{p}b^{p^{p}}$
	1. (you followed the rules as $w\in L_{3}$ and $|w|=p+p^{p}\geq p$)
3. The demon picks $x,y,z$ s.t. $w=xyz$, $y\neq\epsilon$, and $|xy|\leq p$
4. No matter what the demon picked you can take $i=\frac{p^{p}-|x|}{|y|}$ and you win. Indeed, by $|xy|\leq p$, $y$ is all a's. So that $$xy^{\frac{p^{p}-|x|}{|y|}}z=a^{p^{p}}b^{p^{p}}$$
5. 
 $$i=\frac{p^{p}-(p-|y|)}{|y|}$$
 $$i=\frac{p^{p}-p+|y|}{|y|}$$
 $$|y|-p+i=p^{p}$$
 $$|y|-p+\frac{p^{p}-p+|y|}{|y|}=p^{p}$$
 $$\frac{|y|^{2}}{|y|}-\frac{p|y|}{|y|}+\frac{p^{p}-p+|y|}{|y|}=p^{p}$$


## Ex 3* but  for real
$\overline{L_{3}}\cap a^{*}b^{*}$ is the language of all strings $a^{n}b^{m}$ where $\lnot(n\neq m)\Leftrightarrow n=m$ which we know not to be regular.

## Ex 4
In the case that $i=1$, we get $L_{1}$ which has already been proven nonregular. As such, no automaton can cover this case.